ah I'll be good
I would
I
I knew that I wouldn't
hey I'm Victor and welcome to the
kitchen today we're going to be
preparing the great American burger now
let me tell you something about our
burgers first of all our burgers are all
Angus Chuck cuts and when I'm telling
you is that all these burgers are made
with solid muscle no trim no ends
nothing but steak meat that's been
ground you're gonna love them all Angus
all good it's just a fantastic further
but what happens if it's raining outside
and you can't get to the grill well I've
got an unconventional way to prepare
burgers indoors that eliminates most of
the grease most of the mess most of the
smoke and most of the cleanup so come on
over and I'm going to show you this
unconventional way to prepare a burger
so I said unconventional so check this
out
these burgers are placed on a line sheet
pan right from the freezer that's
convenient put them on there set the
temp to 250 close the door and you're
good to go this is a two-step process in
Reverse what I'm going to do is place
the burgers in the oven let them go to
about 125 degree internal temperature
you need your thermometer for this when
it hits a buck 25 that's a rare burger
the second part of the process is to
finish them all on the griddle sear both
sides so you have that nice
caramelization you're not going to
believe how amazing these burgers taste
and no smoke no mess it's going to be
unbelievable they need a few more
minutes so when they're done we'll start
step 2 okay so we took the burgers out
of the oven and what you have here is
not that good looking up a burger it's
more of just a brownish gray mass but
here's where the carmelization comes in
maybe 30 seconds on each side and that's
that just to get that nice flavor of the
okay it's been about 30 seconds and I'm
sure we have nice color on that server I
it looks great now all we simply have to
do is add some cheese I have some good 2
year old cheddar cheese over here
amazing well you could use any garnish
you want onions cheese pickles that's
good for me I'm gonna reduce I'm gonna
turn it off actually cuz that burger is
cooked I'm gonna let it finish and we're
ready to go and there you have it an
unconventional but great way to prepare
your burger at home I'm Vic Rossini and
thanks for visiting the kitchen
I feel